Implement partner feedback on measles model (#37)
UofUEpiBio/epiworldRShiny: inst/models/shiny_measles.md

    code is available <a href="https://github.com/UofUEpiBio/epiworldRShiny/tree/measlesquarantine">here</a>.
</div>

# Modeling Measles in Schools

> This model simulates measles outbreaks in schools and compares **how many fewer cases a quarantine procedure yields**. You can specify the number of people in the school (population size), the number of initial cases, the proportion of vaccinated agents, and the simulation duration in days. 

Reviewer: I suggest adding a brief description of "the quarantine procedure" here. Who is directed to to stay home from school and when.
```suggestion
This model simulates measles outbreaks in schools and compares **how many fewer cases a quarantine procedure yields**. You can specify the number of people in the school (population size), the number of students initially infected with measles (initial cases), the proportion of students who are vaccinated before the outbreak, and the simulation duration in days. 
```

> Note that the model only simulates outbreaks within a single school and does not include transmissions that come into the school from external sources (e.g., other schools, the community, etc.). Learn more about the model at <https://github.com/EpiForeSITE/epiworld-measles>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that the model only simulates outbreaks among students within a single school. It does not include transmissions from the students to people in other locations (e.g., other schools, households, the community, etc.) and does not include measles introductions to the school after the initial cases. Learn more about the model at <https://github.com/EpiForeSITE/epiworld-measles>.
```
